# Cplusplus-Program

  The purpose of this project was to create a program that combined C++ and python in order to read a .txt file of a grocery stores daily purchased items list. In the project I used python to read the .txt file and interperet the data to create a more condesed list that showed each item and the number of times that it was purchased. To display the information interpereted from python I used C++ to call specific functions depending on what information the user needs. The first user option displays the full list of items and how many times it was purchased, the second option allows the user to choose a specific item and display how many times it was purchased, and the third option displays a histogram with all the items and the frequency of their purchase. I think I did a good job on the python side of the project especially since I had not coded with python for over a year before this project, so relearning the syntax took a bit of time. Something I could have definitely done better was the actual display of the data in C++. I could have definitely made part of the output different colors or impoved my spacing to make it easier for a user to interperet the data. 
  I think the most important thing I learned from this project is the strengths of each of these languages. It defeinitely will help me when deciding in the future what language to use from different problems and situations. With this project I think I was able to make this code a lot easier to read and maintain for future use since I made my main nice and simple with clear notes on how the order of the program is meant to function. I also separated each process of the application into its own function. That way if there is a problem with the program it would be easier for someone who didn't initially write the program to debug and find where the error is.
